The time is near when God reveals
His faithful chosen ones.
In heaven they will rule with Christ
As mighty spirit sons.
The sons of God will be revealed
Along with Christ, their Lord.
They’ll join him in his victory
And share in his reward.
And soon the last remaining ones
Will hear his final call.
The King of kings and Lord of lords
Will then collect them all.
The sons of God will be revealed
Along with Christ, their Lord.
They’ll join him in his victory
And share in his reward.
And then with Christ, these sons of God
Will wage the final war.
The joyous marriage to the Lamb
Will last forevermore.
The sons of God will be revealed
Along with Christ, their Lord.
They’ll join him in his victory
And share in his reward.